Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
We are currently on a family trip.
If you need to reach us,
please call tomorrow.
Be happy!
Open the door.
You have the keys!
You wanted to go on a trip so badly.
What's wrong now?
You call that a trip?
It was hell.
Get rid of that right now!
Shoot me. Shoot me.
Please make my day.
Why aren't you picking up?
Are you still angry at me?
I'm sorry.
Hurry and pick up.
I've done everything for you!
What are you unsatisfied with?
You are driving me nuts!
Pick up the phone!
Damn it!
Pick up the phone now!
You want to see me
go crazy again?
I want to talk, so pick up!
If you don't answer the phone,
I will go home right now.
What are you doing
with all the doors open?
And can't you answer the phone?
I couldn't get any work done
on my business trip!
Why are you ignoring me?
Do I look that foolish to you?
Am I your slave?
What do I need to do?
Think it's easy to live this well?
I told you not to wear this!
Why do you keep doing
the things I hate?
I'm sorry.
I don't know why I act this way.
I love you.
Please make me happy.
Why? Why do you make
me feel so wretched?
For once let me do as I want to!
Think I'll devour you?
Am I some insect?
Just please hold still. Please.
What the hell?
Who's playing golf in my yard?
How'd you get in here?
Hello? Is this the police?
What are you doing?
Are you crazy?
Hello? My house is...
Hi, this is Oak Jin-gon.
I'm abroad right now
for a photo shoot.
If you need to reach me,
please call 011-342-3464.
Thanks.
Hi, you've reached the home
of Ji-eun and Hyun-soo.
We're in Hawaii now
for our three year anniversary
If you have something to say,
please leave a message after the beep
What the hell's this?
See if they've taken anything.
Honey! Honey!
Who the hell are you?
What are you drunk idiots
doing in my home?
And why are you two
wearing our pajamas?
- Anything stolen?
- No.
If you're not thieves,
then what are you?
Mi-young, open your eyes!
Mi-young!
Mi-young, wake up!
Mi-young, are you alright?
Mi-young!
Mi-young, wake up!
Wake up! Mi-young!
Mi-young! Mi-young!
Mi-young, wake up!
Please open your eyes!
We are off to Jeju Island!
If you need to contact us
please call back in three days!
Be happy!
Dad, did you call?
Are you okay, dad?
Hello?
Hello...
Dad!
Father!
Who are you people?
What are you doing
in my father's home?
Where's father?
- Father!
- He's not here.
- What?
You two.
Stay where you are.
Come outside.
Hello? This is the police, right?
Yes, I have a situation here.
Please come quickly.
What did you do to the old man?
Sweetheart, you tell me.
You killed him, right?
What's this?
I see you've broken into
many other homes.
So you took pictures
as if it was your own home.
Officer Lee, see if their owners
reported a burglary.
Yes, sir.
You two. What did you steal
from all these homes?
This punk needs to learn a lesson.
Take the woman outside.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
He buried him secretly
near his apartment.
What?
- Officer Lee!
- Yes, sir!
Take the CIS team
to his father's apartment.
Open the lid.
Father...
Father!
Doesn't look like
he was buried in secret
Father.
Missing Person Report
This is you, isn't it?
Yes?
Yes, I understand.
Illegal entry. Murder.
Abandoning a dead body.
Kidnapping.
If you have any others,
tell me now.
What did you do to that woman?
What did you do to her
to keep her so silent?
Sir, he's clean.
Also, I called some of the houses
he shot with the camera,
and they said nothing was stolen
Really?
- Bring her husband when he comes.
- Yes, sir.
You even have a college degree.
So why'd you break into their homes?
Sir, he's here.
Tell him to come in.
Lee Min-kyu, right?
Yes.
She's all yours.
Son of a bitch!
Stop it!
Let go!
I'm gonna kill that bastard!
Let's go.
Sir!
The autopsy results
have come out.
It's not murder, it's lung cancer.
What? Lung cancer?
- Are they sure?
- Yes, I understand.
He was delicately shrouded.
Apart from a real ceremony,
he buried his body
better than any son could.
He doesn't seem
like a bad person to me.
- Wait outside.
- Yes, sir.
Well, you're free from
the homicide charge.
So how was she?
You liked forcing her, right?
What are you looking at?
Don't smile.
Your favorite plant over there...
I knew you'd come back
so I took good care of it.
It looks healthy, doesn't it?
I've thought things out
and I'd been too much.
I'll be good from now on.
Okay, I won't if
you don't want me to.
I've changed, you see?
Oh yeah, while you were gone,
I sent plenty of money to your folks
If it's that hard to withstand,
then do what you like.
Isn't he being too harsh?
Smile again.
Let go, you bastard!
Son of a bitch!
Sit down!
Prisoner 2904!
Playing games with me, you punk?
You scared me!
Try that again.
Today, you go hungry.
Don't pretend you're sleeping.
I've been thinking about us,
and I feel like a real dumb ass.
Was I that bad to you?
Tell me!
I never wanted to ask this,
but I have to.
What did he do to you?
Did he do this?
He did this, but you stayed still?
Like this?
Like this? Like this?
Prisoner 2904!
You son of a bitch!
Why do you keep hiding?
Wanna disappear
from the world altogether?
If you pull that again,
I'll kill you.
Can I help you?
Excuse me!
- You're cleaning it again?
- Hi, honey.
Who is she?
I don't know.
Let her sleep.
Where have you been?
I told you to call me
if you go out!
Where have you been?
You're behind me, aren't you?
The human eye sees
within the 180 degree angle.
So you're hiding
in the other 180 degrees?
But that's impossible!
You bastard!
You need more practice.
And take care of the shadow.
And you'll have to calculate
the human mind, idiot!
You crazy bastard.
Even if you cover all that
what are you gonna do?
Let's move out of here.
First thing tomorrow.
You're waiting for him
to finish his sentence, aren't you?
I'm right, aren't I?
A moving service please.
Hello?
What's with you?
Fine, then.
Let's wait together for him.
I dare you to come,
you son of a bitch.
Prisoner 2904! Your meal!
Prisoner 2904!
When I go in this time,
I'll kill you for sure!
You're behind me, aren't you?
Trying to escape?
Bastard...
You think you can play with me now,
don't you?
You fucking ghost.
Come out!
We have a laundry machine.
Why go through the trouble?
Hello?
The police?
Yes, I understand.
That bastard is out now.
Son of a bitch,
I dare you to show up.
Tell me.
Tell me!
Why'd you turn off your phone?
- Know how many times I've called you?
- I told you!
I told you many times!
My battery ran out.
Rotten bastard.
Think I'm that stupid?
Who did you meet?
What the hell's wrong with you?
Are you mentally sick?
You made me this way.
Who's the girl who always
calls late at night?
Let's stop this.
Did you just hear something?
- What are you talking about?
- Hold on.
I think someone's in the house.
Who cares whether
someone's here or not.
- I'm the idiot for trusting...
- No, I'm certain someone's in here.
- Don't play the psycho act with me.
- Hold on.
Someone's here for sure.
So who's here?
I swear someone's here.
I don't wanna hear it!
I don't trust you at all!
You see?
I told you someone was here.
Oh my goodness!
You scared me.
I did? So how was your day?
Good.
Why didn't you tidy up the sofa?
I did this morning.
But why is it so messy?
That's strange.
Can't sleep?
Want me to sing you a lullaby?
I miss you, too.
Wanna come over?
Hey, it's weird.
It feels like someone's in my place.
Yeah.
Then hurry up.
So who's in your place?
I didn't see anyone.
I just felt it.
That's impossible.
Am I just being too sensitive?
- Isn't this your work?
- You haven't seen it yet?
- Can I look at it?
- Yup.
- Stop it.
- Come on.
- I thought someone was here?
- Let him watch.
- What's wrong?
- I think someone's watching
I'm scared.
You see? What did I tell you?
What is it?
Why'd you hang up an empty frame?
It's creepy.
I think someone's here.
Could it be him?
He's bad luck,
that son of a bitch.
Honey, stay still.
What are you doing up?
I love you.
What?
Honey...
Breakfast is ready!
What's made you so happy?
Stop smiling and eat.
It's strange.
It feels like someone's been here
since last night.
What are you laughing for?
Are you that happy?
Don't open the door
to just anybody.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org